Move sign_in from google_identity_platform_project_default_config to google_identity_platform_config. (#8559)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/guides/version_5_upgrade.html.markdown

### `deletion_policy` now defaults to `DELETE`

Previously, `google_firebase_web_app` deletions default to `ABANDON`, which means to only stop tracking the WebApp in Terraform. The actual app is not deleted from the Firebase project. If you are relying on this behavior, set `deletion_policy` to `ABANDON` explicitly in the new version.

> ## Resource: `google_identity_platform_project_default_config`

Reviewer: @c2thorn This PR is to add fields in `google_identity_platform_project_default_config` to `google_identity_platform_config` and deprecate the `google_identity_platform_project_default_config` resource. Would you mind verifying if we need to add the deprecation message to 5.0 upgrade guide and if there's anything else needed to deprecate a resource?

Author: @c2thorn So you're suggesting to move the deprecation message for `google_identity_platform_project_default_config` to another PR?

Reviewer: Thanks @c2thorn

> ### Deprecated
> 
> Use the `google_identity_platform_config` resource instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `google_identity_platform_project_default_config` has been removed from the provider

Use the `google_identity_platform_config` resource instead.
```
Using https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/version_3_upgrade#google_project_services-has-been-removed-from-the-provider as an example. We may want to give a few more details on why it was removed
